Design Assurance Update (#1126)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/DesignAssurance/Vocabularies/VerificationType.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# VerificationType

## Summary

Enumeration of verification Types.

## Description

Verification types Describes include the following methods used to confirm that a requirement is met. 

## Metadata

- name: VerificationType

## Entries

- analysis: Evaluating data, designs, or processes methodically to verify correctness against standards or expectations.
- assessment: A systematic evaluation of a system, process, or outcome often involving judgement and measurement.
- audit: A formal independent examination typically focusing on compliance with policies, standards, or regulations.
- review_Inspection: A thorough examination or checking of documentation, records, processes, or systems to confirm compliance or adherence.

> - observation_Demonstration: Watching a process or behavior in action or having a demonstration to confirm that the requirement is met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- reviewInspection: A thorough examination or checking of documentation, records, processes, or systems to confirm compliance or adherence.
- observationDemonstration: Watching a process or behavior in action or having a demonstration to confirm that the requirement is met.
```

Use lowerCamelCase for entry names.
